it's more than a week since European
union leaders issued a call for Aid
corridors and humanitarian pauses in
Gaza and speaking at a diplomatic
conference in Brussels on Monday the
eu's foreign policy Chief lamented the
lack of progress the unfolding tragedy
in the Middle East is the outcome of a
collective political and moral
failure which the Israeli and the
Palestinian people are paying a high
price for it and this price will
continue increasing you we refuse to see
the situation as thread
forly this moral and political failure
is due to our real lack of willingness
to solve the Israeli Palestinian
problem Joseph Burell suggested that
Israel could suspend its military
operation which has killed 10,000
Palestinians so far and in return the
Red Cross would get access to the
captive held by Hamas he said call it a
truce a window whatever but we need that
violence recedes and that International
humanitarian law is being
respected those calls were echoed by the
European commission president Ursa V
Delan who's announced a big increase in
EU Aid spending by doing so the European
Union would spend a total of € 100
million EUR in humanitarian aid for the
civilians in
Gaza and at the same
time we're working with Israel Egypt and
the United
Nations to let more convoys into Gaza
including through corridors and pauses
for humanitarian
needs but Israel remains determined to
destroy Hamas whose October 7th attack
left, 1400 people mostly civilians dead
in Israel and saw over 240 people taken
captive but Joseph barell issued a
warning saying that overreaction by the
Israel
in the end makes them lose the support
of the International Community there is
no military solution to the conflict he
added Paul Brennan Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer